node is: ((10, 2), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (0, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (0, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (0, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (1, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (0, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 7))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 8))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 6))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 0))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (10, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (10, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (10, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (10, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (9, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 10))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (9, 9))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (2, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 1))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (6, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 3), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (4, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((10, 2), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (4, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 3), (4, 2))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (5, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (3, 3))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((8, 2), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((8, 2), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: South
node is: ((9, 1), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (7, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((9, 3), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: West
node is: ((9, 1), (8, 5))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: East
node is: ((10, 2), (8, 4))  the action can ensure reaching the set in one step is: North
